Previously on Fire Country...
Hey. The ATF needs to talk to you.
They can't put Landon away
without more evidence.
You can be someone who helps.
I didn't call
for additional resources.
Hey. Chief Springer.
This isn't your dirt.
The winds could change.
and that fire's coming
right towards us.
You keep the fire
on your side of the dirt.
you keep command.
but you couldn't do that.
Chief Manuel Perez.
Assuming County Line I.C.
Let's get to work. gentlemen.
Let's move!
- Hell yeah. Cap!
- Let's go! Cut this line!
Go! Move! Move!
We still got a shot.
You got a fast way for us to get
back down to that line?
Watch out!
Jake. check in. damn it.
Manny. where is Tyler?
And where's Bode?
Fire's coming! Get down!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Keep breathing. Tyler.
Keep breathing.
Close to the dirt as you can get!
Firefighter Leone. I.C.
Come in. Over.
I repeat. Leone. come in. Over.
A price was paid
for the County Line Fire.
A firefighter's career
may be over.
severe injuries.
An engine was destroyed.
All of this on your watch.
What happens in the dirt
has to stand up on the carpet.
Right here. in this office.
It's a really nice office.
Not bad for a kid
from Edgewater.
Thank you.
So. obviously. the department
has some questions
about that incident. Chief.
Ask away.
Okay. I'll start simple.
How'd you get the shiner?
That's what you want
to start with?
Happened on the incident.
didn't it?
Yes.
Well. then it's relevant.
It was...
...a stressful call.
Had two counties on the line.
Let's just say that
tempers ran hot.
Captain Crawford. I.C.
Can you hear me?
I repeat.
I need an acknowledgment. Over.
Captain Crawford.
can you hear me?
Perez. did you just
lose my engine?
Get out of my face
and let me work.
Did Bode surface on the radio?
- Come on. This is Bode you sent out there
to freelance. - To save a kid
- who never should've been out there
in the first place. Chief. - No. no. it's on you.
You're the I.C.
It's your incident.
I know that. Chief.
You just lost radio contact
with four firefighters.
this thing is raging harder
than it was nine hours ago.
and you're counting
on a rookies' line to hold?
What kind of ass-backward
incident are you running?
- Shut up. I can't hear.
- Lookout One. I.C.
Do you copy?
How do you copy?
Where are you guys?
Can you hear me? Over.
Lookout One.
I repeat. do you hear me?
Over. Jake.
Lookout One. I.C.
How do you copy?
Can you hear me?
Where are you guys?
M-Malcolm. Malcolm!
Keep it up. fellas. Keep going!
You guys are cutting line
like seasoned firefighters.
Every slash in the dirt
is one step closer.
Keep going.
You about to pass out like me?
Trying not to think about it.
Eve.
You got eyes on Jake?
Uh. sorry. Chief.
that's a negative.
All right.
what's Three Rock's status?
We are still cutting line
to Sage Knoll.
Keep 'em going. And keep hoping
that these southeast winds
don't kick up any more.
Okay. well. what are they at?
Fifteen. 16 miles an hour.
Any more than that
and we're in big trouble.
It's the last defense
keeping fire out of Edgewater.
Your line has to hold.
Copy that.
All right. guys.
keep moving. keep going!
I know you're tired. Let's go!
- Bode. do you copy?
- I'm sorry. Chief.
This was supposed to be
a simple pickup.
And based on the information
that I had at the time.
it was supposed
to be safe and easy.
Yeah. but now it's been five
minutes with no communication.
so come on.
what is your plan. I.C.?
Where in the hell is Tyler?
- Oh. God.
- Sharon? Sharon?
Where's my son?
Somebody tell me.
H-How'd you get in here?
Sheriff's escort.
Now can you answer my question?
where is my son? Where is he?
How was I supposed
to answer that question?
I had two mothers asking me
where the hell their sons are
while I'm handling
a two-county incident.
So. how did you answer
that question?
I told the truth.
Where is he?
I don't know.
Keep breathing.
So. uh. let me see
if I have this straight.
As I.C.. you lost track
of Jake and Malcolm Crawford
and Engineer Erickson.
and separately.
Leone and a civilian?
Wh... What was
going through your head. man?
Any scenario in which
they didn't turn up dead.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
We're alive? We're alive?
Bode?
- Bode?
- Over here.
What the hell?
- What the hell? - You got to... you got
to bring down your body temp.
It's hot.
It's hot. it's burning...
The moisture will still help
lower it. Doesn't matter.
Here. pour that down your neck.
I.C.. this is
Firefighter Leone.
I've got Tyler here with me.
Yes.
I deployed a fire shelter near
the Ferndale Ranger Station.
- Both of us are uninjured.
- Copy. Leone.
Wait. t-this is good. right?
They're-they're safe?
This is good.
Our egress is blocked
due to active fire on Route 38.
No. Oh...
- Okay.
- What does that mean?
Chloe MacKenzie should never
have been in that command tent.
Tyler never should never
have been at that fire.
He snuck into my truck. Chief.
Well. maybe you got distracted
by your pre-deploy.
Distracted?
I was on point. prepared.
I was cautious.
And it's a good thing I was...
What? What's a good thing?
That you were in charge
of the entire County Line Fire?
Hmm?
You still think
that was a good idea?
Chief.
No B.C. ever wants a loss
of life on an incident. ever.
- What does that mean?
- I-It means that
we made radio contact with them.
and. uh. we're gonna
get them out. all right?
What-what happens
in this scenario. right now?
This is...
We're gonna figure it out now.
What does-what does
"figure it out" mean?
How do you figure... What does
it mean. "figuring it out"?
It means that we don't have
a lot of time to sit here
and answer all these questions
for you. all right?
Sharon. can you please get her
out of here so that I can focus
- on strategizing...
- No. no. You're not kicking me out.
No. you cannot kick me out.
I am his mother.
- With all due respect. I-I...
- No. no. I'm gonna report your ass
- to Cal Fire so fast.
- You need... I-I need
some space to work! Please.
Thank you.
How are you so calm about this?
'Cause I trust Manny.
All right. Bode Coyote.
let's get your ass out of there.
Hey. How the hell
are we gonna get out of here?
Manny will rescue us.
What... Wait. what if
they don't come in time?
Listen to me. Some of
the toughest firefighters
never go through
what you just did.
But you made it.
Don't give up now.
Stay close.
I.C.. I've got eyes
on a downed engine.
Possible rollover.
crew status is unknown.
Awaiting instructions.
You see a number on that rig?
3084. Drake County.
Whoever's inside there just
went for one hell of a tumble
down the south-facing ravine.
It's Jake. Jake's in there.
I want you to look around
for me.
What do you see?
Is there anyone
outside that vehicle?
Negative.
All right. Bode.
With Route 38 scorched.
it looks like the best way out
runs straight through
that south-facing ravine.
I'm gonna send. uh. I'm gonna
send a rescue there for you two
and for that engine crew.
Can you link up with them?
Copy. I.C. Already on the move.
That's it?
That-that's the whole story?
Hmm.
When an incident
goes this far sideways.
it is the department's
responsibility to learn from it.
for future safety.
That's my only
agenda here. Manny.
I am on your side.
You're on my side.
- Yeah.
- Can I ask you something?
Shoot.
Why'd the brass choose you
to do this hot wash?
It comes with
the assistant unit chief title.
No. no. no. come on.
There's. like. what...
at least a dozen other AUCs
in the Northern Region?
They could've done it. Why you?
I suppose you'd have to ask
the fire chief that one.
I have a guess. actually.
if-if you're cool with it.
Knock yourself out.
I think that you're
a friend of 42's.
and you're playing good cop.
and you're just hoping...
you're hoping
and hoping and hoping...
that I'm gonna lower my defense.
spill somebody's
dirty laundry. right?
Right?
Let me ask you a question.
Why did you send
a teenage civilian and my nephew
to a crashed Drake County rig
in the middle of a wildfire?
I did my due diligence.
I checked the maps.
I radioed units.
That fire was blocking
the path back to us.
Okay. so. then. why not just
tell them to stay put?
Because the area
was a dirty burn. Chief.
There were embers everywhere.
That crashed rig was the safest
place for Bode and Tyler.
We got to get out of this cab.
My radio.
Where the hell is it?
I'm gonna cut myself free.
then I'm gonna cut you.
All right.
Hang on. I'm coming.
Let me see you.
Hold on. you-you're bleeding.
This is not my blood. I'm good.
- Ringo.
- His pulse is rapid.
All right.
Just hang on.
Okay.
You copy. I.C.?
This is Jake Crawford.
Do you copy?
All right. copy.
It's good to hear
your voice. brother.
- What's your sitrep?
- Well...
rocks on Route 38
forced our engine to tumble over
off of a slope.
We took out
a couple of power lines
and two of us
are banged up. but...
...our driver. he. uh...
His name
is Engineer Ringo Erickson.
Critical condition.
Get a rescue team here now.
- Do you copy?
- I copy.
Administer life support.
Firefighter Leone's en route
with a civilian.
Leone will assist with care.
We're gonna get you guys
out of there.
Yeah. okay. copy. I.C..
but why is Leone
coming with a civilian?
He got caught out there. too.
Sit tight.
All right. Option one.
We wrap around
the flank of this fire
right here near Bailey Cliffs.
And we send a small crew up.
I'm waiting for the "but."
Steep. rocky terrain
with big drop-offs.
- But if we have a REMS team...
- We don't.
And we're never getting
a spine board through all this.
So. next option.
All right. option two:
we anchor engines
here at the flank.
and we lay some hose.
Then it's a direct fire attack
to get to them.
So. trees and terrain. with.
like. a thousand-foot hose lay.
and-and our-our resources
are already strapped thin
because we're trying to cover
- that line that Three Rock cut.
- Chief.
Chief. I'm just looking
for some solutions here.
not problems. all right?
I'm looking for an I.C.
that has a plan
that doesn't include
burning down all of Edgewater
- or leaving my son stranded.
- All right. all right. all right. I get it.
Look. I've assessed
all the risk. all right?
What-what if we pull the engines
off the line
that Three Rock cut.
and send them
to the engine crash?
You want to leave
Three Rock unprotected?
Nope. I want to rely
on the work they're doing
to protect themselves.
And all of Edgewater.
One. two!
- Three Rock!
- Let's go. baby.
That's it. Cap. We're done.
Hey. gentlemen.
She's a beaut. y'all.
Well done. Well done.
Captain Edwards.
- You read me?
- Yeah. I'm here. Chief.
Listen. we got
a low-pressure system
heading southeast
towards Edgewater.
and I hate to say it.
but these winds are picking up.
Chief. my guys
just finished the line.
I know. but now
you got to get it to 24 feet.
Here's the good news. though.
We found Bode and Jake.
- Yeah? That's what I want to hear.
- Also.
I'm pulling your engine support.
rerouting it to rescue them.
Wait. so you're gonna
have us do triple the work
and pull our support?
A brand-new hand crew. yeah?
Barely any experience.
Baby firefighters.
But somehow. you were convinced
that they could keep going?
It wasn't about being convinced.
It was about knowing
what needed to be done.
Well. according to you.
That's a mighty big wager
on a lot of inexperience.
I believed in Eve.
You and those boys
can pull this off.
I know you can. Cap.
Hey. gentlemen.
I just watched you guys
move a mountain.
and I hate to ask this of you...
...but now
we got more work to do. okay?
I need triple the width.
It's chief's orders.
- Let's get to work.
- Come on. let's get a move on!
- One. two...
- Three Rock!
Pick of your McLeods.
We got it. Come on.
- All right. Malcolm?
- Yeah.
Look. we get him to the ground.
then assess
and treat him first.
ASAP.
All right. All right.
- All right.
- Let me get his legs.
Yep. All right. ready?
- Got him?
- Yeah. I got him. Let him go.
All right. give me a second.
Hold. hold.
- All right. I got him.
- Yep.
Let's go.
Right behind you.
I've never been happier
to see you. B.
Is that guy dead?
No. not if we can help it.
What the hell is a kid
doing with you out here?
Surviving a burnover
and hiking here with me
to get this job done.
Who the hell is this?
Malcolm. My brother.
Tyler. help me look
for the rig's spine board.
All right. airway's clear.
pulse still rapid.
But this head wound?
Look. we need gauze.
Do you see any?
Nope.
Packs must have got tossed
when we came down the mountain.
Oh. okay. give me that buff.
Is he gonna be okay?
This will do
until they get us out of here.
Ready? Roll.
Whoa. Bode.
Gonna get you out of here. okay?
I.C.. this is Firefighter Leone.
We've linked up
with Jake's engine crew.
We got fire here now.
Our only egress is through
some dangerous rocky terrain.
Can't manage it
with a patient on a spine board.
- Where are those engines?
- Copy. firefighter.
Engine 1594. I.C. requesting
your ETA to that crashed rig.
I.C.. Engine 1594.
Fire blocked the access road.
Need rerouting.
- No. This cannot be happening.
- Damn it.
I'm calling for a water drop.
Wait. what? No. no. no.
Chief. the winds. Come on.
- I don't care! - There's no way
they're gonna put her up in the air.
Engines hit significant delays.
D.C. Leone's
ordering a water drop.
We don't have time
to wait for a water drop.
We got to do something.
Yeah. well.
engines and a water drop
are headed your way.
You're just gonna have to wait
and hang out
till they get there.
B. are they close?
I.C.. we can't wait.
We got 500 gallons right here.
You think you can punch
an egress hole?
Do it.
- Say yes.
- Worth a shot
- with the deck gun. yeah.
- Chief. come on.
- That's a great idea.
- Firefighter Leone.
this is your division chief.
You will deplete
your water supplies
in 30 seconds and have
absolutely no defense.
You will wait
for the water drop.
That is the call.
We stand by. Ringo's dead.
Copy. D.C.
Mm-mmm.
I don't want to hear it.
I'm gonna get
the choppers airborne.
Firefighter Leone. this is I.C.
Wait for the water drop.
But also...
you make sure that deck gun
could be operational.
Over.
- Okay. It's on.
- All right.
You think any of the fuel
will be able
to reach the pump at this angle?
- Only one way to find out.
- I'll hit the pump switch.
you get the panel
and the deck gun.
Copy.
Bode. fuel can't get
to the pump engine.
Oh. come on. come on.
What's happening. Jake?
The deck gun won't work
if fuel can't reach it.
Yes. There it is. All right.
Okay.
B. we're good.
Cap. Can't get to the pump panel.
It's too tight to fit.
Let me try.
Come on. I can fit. Easy.
- You don't know how to operate it.
- Yeah.
Yeah. you open the tank
to the pump valve
and. uh. discharge the deck gun.
I spent a lot of time
at the station.
I was paying attention.
Hey. What's going on?
Clock's ticking.
Yeah. he's not gonna fit.
and neither are you.
Look. let me do it.
I-I can do it.
We're running out of time.
I'll get Malcolm
and Ringo ready.
All right. let's go. Come on.
Bode? I'm really sorry.
I shouldn't have ran off
with all those batteries.
You were just trying to be
the kid who did the right thing.
Now be the kid that goes
and gets us to 80 psi.
Tyler. hurry. Tree's cracking.
Come on. Tyler.
Truck's unstable.
Okay. 80.
It's 80 psi.
Done.
All right. good.
Now get the hell out of there.
Good job. kid.
All right. let's get
the hose ready. Come on.
- All right. how is he doing?
- Pulse is rapid.
All right.
Okay. he took a bad hit
to the hip.
There's a lot
of pelvic instability.
Probably a fracture.
An artery must be cut.
- What do we do?
- All right.
get him
into a pelvic binder ASAP.
Hey. Grab that blanket
over there.
All right.
Okay. yeah. fold it.
then you're gonna feed it to me
under his legs.
Seesaw it back and forth
up to his hip.
Okay. Let me see it.
All right.
There you go.
This should stem
the internal bleeding
and stabilize his pelvis.
How do you know this?
I didn't learn it
at the academy.
No. it wasn't the academy.
I learned it from our dad.
He had a similar injury
back in his naval days.
The medic had to fix him up
on the battle mission.
For real?
You know. every time
he would see me
with a twist-tie
at the grocery store.
he would take it
and wrap it around his finger
and twist.
Reminding me how that medic
saved his life.
I need that water drop
on the northwest flank.
No. I don't have 20 minutes.
Find the visibility.
B.C. Perez. this is Crawford.
The deck gun is operational.
Permission to move forward
with self-extrication.
Did I just hear that right?
I told him
to explore the deck gun option.
just as a backup plan.
So you just gave that order?
I did. in case the water drops
were a no-go.
And right now. it's looking
pretty damn smart to me. Chief.
Bode and Jake can egress
with one blast of that deck gun.
You are gambling
with people's lives.
- I don't like these odds.
- Sharon. don't get ugly with me.
I'm-I'm not gambling here.
I'm trying
to give us some options.
Chief. look me in the eyes.
Tell me you wouldn't
make the exact same call
if it wasn't Bode and Jake
out there.
That's really low.
How is that low. Chief. huh?
We want the exact
same thing here.
Captain Crawford.
this is D.C. Leone.
Move forward
with the self-extrication.
Nice work
with the deck gun. Tyler.
Now let's get out of here.
Hey. someone get the other end.
Bode. that's you.
You're...
- What about the deck gun?
- Yeah. I'll work it.
That way
you can keep eyes on Tyler
when you sprint out of here.
Stay with him.
Let me get your radio
so I can keep Manny filled in.
Right behind you. bro.
You better be.
Ready. Go. go!
Hey. Bode. we don't have eyes
on any of you.
Where are you? Bode.
There. There. there.
Come on. come on. let's go.
Tyler! Oh. my God.
Mom!
Oh. my God.
The gamble almost worked.
It wasn't a gamble.
And it did work.
- Mm. except...
- Except what?
We had... complications.
Aah!
Hey. where's Jake?
Bode. Bode. where's Jake?
Hey. Crawford. I.C.
Status check.
Jake. come in.
Jake. come in!
I think we can both agree
there's one person to blame
- for this mess.
- I think it's easy to say
something like that
sitting here.
behind your imposing desk.
with your shiny new title.
Battalion Chief Perez
has been courting a war
between himself and fire
for months now.
and with the County Line Fire.
he finally got one.
Conditions created
the perfect storm.
That's not Manny's fault.
Yeah. but why do I get
the impression he enjoyed it?
From someone who was in the dirt
with him. I can tell you
that every decision he made
was excruciating.
Like prematurely working
a very green Three Rock.
Whiplashing engine resources
from the fire line
to that crashed rig.
Allowing Jake and Bode
and that fire crew
to self-rescue... the...
You know. these were all
- Manny's decision. okay?
- No.
Not the last one.
The last one was my call.
as his supervisor.
So. you're what...
you're covering for him now?
This is not
an after-action review.
this is a witch hunt.
Uh. w...
You want to bury Manny.
Sacramento wants to bury Manny.
and you want to use me
as his supervisor
as part of that? Why?
- For-for PR. for Legal?
- Okay. Sharon. I would
tread lightly here
if I were you. okay?
If Perez doesn't go down
for this thing...
someone else might.
The deck gun should've...
- We got to go back in there.
- Can we even get hoses in there?
A water drop is gonna
be better than a hose lay.
The boulders between Jake and us
are too dangerous to cross.
The only thing now
- is to wait for the water drop.
- What? No. no. no.
That water drop
was supposed to be here
- ten minutes ago.
- The winds are gonna change.
- We wait for the water.
- W-What do you want to do?
You want to leave Jake out there
with the fire encroaching?
That-That's... that's your plan?
We are in this mess because
of your aggressive approach.
It's now up to me to fix it.
Captain Crawford.
Now that the deck gun
is out of juice.
our only option
is to wait for the water.
No. It's not.
We-we can get in there.
Can you?
D.C.. this is Crawford.
I will find shelter.
Do not send anybody in after me.
But you...
you can't listen to him.
Chief.
It's Jake out there.
Copy. Crawford.
Aw. come on. Chief.
Airbase. this is D.C. Leone.
I have a captain isolated.
surrounded by a wall of fire.
Where is my air support?
That's the call?
Wait for a water drop.
hope for the best?
Hell no.
I'm not leaving Jake in there.
Chief. Jake's the only reason
we got out of there
- in the first place.
- We all know there's another way.
Option one. From earlier.
Come on. Manny.
It's doable now. without
a patient and spineboard.
Let us go through
the steep terrain.
- Sharon'll have my scalp.
- She can have mine. too.
Radios off.
You run point on this.
You're in and you're out.
Safe and fast.
You hear me?
- Get him out. Get him out.
- Yes.
Hey. stop...
Hey. hey! Stop digging!
We're out of time. y'all.
The fire's here.
You have done enough work
for two bulldozers.
Hey. take that in.
You have removed
all flammable vegetation
to prevent
the spread of this fire.
Now what do we do. Cap?
We see if it holds.
Of course it's gonna hold.
Isn't it?
One wrong move.
we take ourselves
out of commission.
make this whole thing worse.
Better get it right. then.
Jake.
We're getting close.
- We got you. bro.
- No.
No. I told you not to come.
- Yeah. we didn't listen.
- The weight of the truck
is pressing on these ladders.
holding down my ankle.
On one. two. three.
Okay. Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Winds steadying.
I.C.. Crew 4.
Three firefighters spotted
leaving the engine crash site.
Crew 4. D.C. Leone.
Confirm status
on the three firefighters.
Negative. Chief.
They're out of zone now.
D.C.. Lookout 2.
I got eyes on 'em.
Heading northwest
through extreme terrain.
Manny? Manny.
How could you do this?
You sent two guys
back into a raging fire.
Off radio.
Against your D.C.'s wishes.
Now that we know
what was lost in this fire.
was it worth the gamble?
Gamble.
There's that word again.
I know your choice of words
is just...
it-it's pure coincidence. right?
Manny. it's not.
Because the way
this report reads.
you were tossing firefighters
back in there
like dice on a craps table.
Blackjack was my game. actually.
And that's all behind me now.
But you want to throw around
some history?
Yours is what...
chasing titles. right?
Yeah.
I'm proud of it.
Can you honestly sit there and
tell me that pinning this on me
isn't in part to make sure
that the higher-ups
know that you're doing right
by your newest title...
...Chief?
Yeah. that's what I thought.
All right. easy. easy.
Careful.
- You good?
- Yep.
Easy. Ready?
Here you go.
Come on.
Almost there.
Oh!
Malcolm!
Hey. Malcolm.
Hey. Malcolm. Hey.
Can you hear us?
Malcolm. come on. man.
Oh. bell got rung.
I'll be good.
No. Hey. hey.
Don't even think about moving.
Oh. I c-I can't...
I can't...
can't get myself out of here.
That's okay.
'cause I'll carry you
out of here. all right?
Kinda tragic.
We... we finally meet.
and all we do
is try to die on each other.
Nah. there's nothing tragic
about that. man.
There's nothing tragic.
- 'Cause you're not dying on me.
- You're not s...
supposed to say that
to a patient.
Listen. you're not a patient.
You're my brother.
You're my brother. okay?
So we're gonna
get you out of here.
Malcolm. Hey. Malcolm.
Malcolm.
B. we got to get out of here.
We're see this through Jake.
Come on. Let's go.
I got him.
Just help me get him up.
Come on. man.
Arms.
One. two. three. go.
All the way. All the way.
There you go.
- I got him.
- Okay.
- I got his bag.
- Yeah.
All right. Three Rock.
Look. I want
to show you something.
Drop your tools.
Over here.
You see all this?
See how it's all gone?
That's a hell of a lot
of black. Cap.
Hey. y'all.
this is what's at stake
every time we go on a call.
All right. now turn around. gentlemen.
And look at all that
you have protected.
Not too shabby for the new guys.
Well. I don't
know if you're new guys anymore.
You might be my guys.
Hey.
Get back to work.
Medics!
We need support over here!
- What happened?
- He took a hard fall.
Trauma to the head. and he's
been unconscious for a while.
Hey. they're gonna
take good care of him.
Easy for you to say.
Your guys are still vertical.
They're going home tonight.
Mine. not so much.
Hey. let's get that ankle
checked out.
I'll help you...
I told you not to rescue me.
How did you feel. going behind
your commanding officer's back?
I asked for forgiveness.
not permission.
And did you get that
from D.C. Leone... forgiveness?
After the fact?
At. uh. precisely 8:49 p.m.
that night?
You sent them back in
after I told you not to?!
You hit me?
I was wondering how Manny
got that shiner.
It was me.
Yeah. but why?
What's the difference why?
I think context is important.
I lost my objectivity.
Zabel Ridge Fire
came screaming back.
with a family member's life
hanging in the balance
in an impossible fire.
'Cause Manny lied to you?
He lied to me
'cause I needed to be lied to.
He was the only leader there
who was still able
to assess the risk
of going through the boulders.
If it wasn't for him.
we would have lost
a firefighter out there.
What about Jake's brother?
Well. I... You know...
Firefighters get hurt.
they take risks.
And I'm convinced
that your call. Manny.
to send him and Bode in there
is the only reason
that Jake is alive today.
And besides. I...
I got some good advice about
how to do these hot washes.
Which was?
Put yourself in their shoes.
Would you make the calls
in good faith?
Anyhow. you both can go.
You'll be getting a copy of this
report within a week or so.
Really? That's it?
Doesn't Sacramento
need a head to roll?
Let it be mine.
I can handle Sacramento.
It's what
I'm really good at. anyway.
It's that shiny
new job title and all.
Kill me now.
I don't know if you can
hear me. Malcolm.
But you made
quite the impression
on all of us over at 42.
Particularly your brother.
Who's not too happy
with me right now.
Oh. man.
I need you to know that
I'm sorry I sent you in.
I'm so sorry.
I can't believe that
Tyler agreed to talk to the ATF
about Landon's role
in the Zabel Ridge Fire.
- He was terrified before.
- He lived through a fire
- in a tinfoil shelter. so...
- Mm.
probably a little less scared
to talk to the feds now.
Uh. you... Don't downplay
your part in it.
Tyler told me that.
because of you.
he wants to be the kid
that helps.
- He was crucial on that fire.
- Yeah.
I owe your chief an apology.
I yelled at him.
I threatened his job. too.
And you were all just
keeping Tyler alive.
You're the last thing that
Manny's worried about right now.
You know. after this.
we can start moving on
from-from Landon.
and also from the fire.
I can't wait.
I'm happy for you.
Thank you. Thank you.
You know.
I'd love to buy you dinner.
at some point. maybe.
As a-as a thank-you.
- For...
- Uh...
you know.
Is that too much?
It's too much.
- It's fine.
- No. it. um...
It... I don't want
to make it weird. Ugh...
Is it weird that I asked you?
No. uh. I'd-I'd like that.
- Y... Wait.
- Yeah.
- What the hell is this?
- We've made an initial arrest
of your son. Ms. MacKenzie.
- You can follow us to the station.
- Wait. wait. wait. wait.
- An arrest for what?
- The charge is arson.
For Zabel Ridge.
No.
Y-You've got the wrong guy.
You told me
I could pick the kind of kid
I want to be. Bode. and...
I'm the kid
who does the right thing.
- Tyler. what?
- I'm really sorry. Mom.
- You're serious?
- Come with us. man.
- Tyler.
- You-you can't do this.
Where...
where are you taking him?
Tyler!
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org